[Zaraz] Added FAQ page (#3670)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/faq.md

---
pcx-content-type: faq
title: FAQ
weight: 6
---

# FAQ

Below you will find answers to our most commonly asked questions on Cloudflare Zaraz. If you cannot find the answer you are looking for, head over to our [community page](https://community.cloudflare.com/) or [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/2TRr6nSxdd).

> ## Does Cloudflare process my HTML, remove existing scripts, and then inject Zaraz?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Does Cloudflare process my HTML, removing existing scripts and then injecting Zaraz?
```

> Cloudflare Zaraz does not remove other third-party scripts from the page. Zaraz [can be auto-injected or not](/zaraz/reference/options#auto-inject-script), depending on the user preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Zaraz does not remove other third-party scripts from the page. Zaraz [can be auto-injected or not](/zaraz/reference/options/#auto-inject-script), depending on your configuration.
```

## Does Zaraz work with Cloudflare Page Shield?

Yes. Refer to [Page Shield](/page-shield/) for more information related to this product.

## I cannot find the tool I need on Zaraz

The Zaraz engineering team is adding support to new tools all the time. You can also refer to the [community space](https://community.cloudflare.com/c/developers/integrationrequest/68) to ask for new integrations.

## I am trying to set up Facebook Pixel on my Zaraz account, but I do not see any data coming through.

> It can take between 15 minutes to an hour for data to appear on Facebook’s interface, due the way Facebook Pixel works. You can also use [Debug Mode](/zaraz/advanced/debug-mode) to confirm that data is being properly sent from your Zaraz account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can take between 15 minutes to an hour for data to appear on Facebook’s interface, due the way Facebook Pixel works. You can also use [Debug Mode](/zaraz/advanced/debug-mode/) to confirm that data is being properly sent from your Zaraz account.
```

## Is there a way to prevent my third-party scripts from firing on specific pages, like `wp-admin`?

> To prevent Zaraz from loading on specific pages, refer to [Block Zaraz on specific pages or domains](/zaraz/advanced/block-zaraz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent Zaraz from loading on specific pages, refer to [Block Zaraz on specific pages or domains](/zaraz/advanced/block-zaraz/).
```

## I cannot create a trigger for my tool to fire when the website is loaded. Do I have to add code to my website?

> If you proxy your domain through Cloudflare, you do not need to add any code to your website. By default, Zaraz includes an automated `pageview` trigger. Some tools, like Google Analytics, automatically add this `pageview` trigger to an event. With other tools, you will need to add it manually. [Refer to Get Started](/zaraz/get-started) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you proxy your domain through Cloudflare, you do not need to add any code to your website. By default, Zaraz includes an automated `pageview` trigger. Some tools, like Google Analytics, automatically add this `pageview` trigger to an event. With other tools, you will need to add it manually. Refer to [Get started](/zaraz/get-started/) for more information.
```

## Can I set up custom dimensions for Google Analytics with Zaraz?

> Yes. From the Zaraz dash, click the **Edit** button on Google Analytics. Then, click **Settings** > **Add field** and choose the index number of the desired Custom Dimension and its value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. From the Zaraz dashboard, click **Edit** next to Google Analytics. Then, click **Settings** > **Add field** and choose the index number of the desired Custom Dimension and its value.
```
Not sure if it's "under" or "next to", but I'd use a word other than "on".

## I am a vendor. How can I integrate my tool with Zaraz?

> The Zaraz team is working with third-party vendors to build their own Zaraz integrations using the Zaraz SDK. To request a new tool integration, or to collaborate on our SDK, contact us at [zaraz@cloudflare.com](zaraz@cloudflare.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zaraz team is working with third-party vendors to build their own Zaraz integrations using the Zaraz SDK. To request a new tool integration, or to collaborate on our SDK, contact us at zaraz@cloudflare.com.
```
The email address should be enough. If you add a link, it must have a `mailto:` prefix to work properly.
